the president has asked me to convey to
you that he's sending his energy bill to
the floor with a call for a 10%
reduction the president's expecting our
full support yes he is the president's
dreaming hey Jay the president is being
critically misjudged reality if he
honestly thinks that the environmental
community is going to whistle a happy
tune while rallying support around this
pitifully lame mockery of environmental
leadership then your boss is the chief
executive of Fantasyland hi mr.
president
how are you today I couldn't be better
my apologies the interruption mr.
president I don't know what to say I'm
speechless
all evidence to contrary what would
happen if I called Sydney Wade and asked
her to be my date the state dinner on
Thursday evening president can't just go
out on a date I'm having dinner at the
White House I'm having lunch at the
Kremlin I don't know what happened one
minute I was calling him a mockery of an
environmental leader the next minute I
had a date she didn't say anything about
me well no sir but I can pass her a note
before study hall would you like to
dance yeah I guess I mean yes sir
I'd love to
nevermind that she is the hired gun of
an ultra liberal political action
committee and never mind that his
twelve-year-old daughter is sleeping
down the hall Lucy you okay with this my
having dinner with a lady dad it's cool
just good boy
never mind any of that folks my name is
Bob Rumson and I'm running for president
in the past seven weeks 59% of the
country has begun to question your
family values hold us talk about my
presidency this poll talk about my life
I got a nip this in the bud this has
catastrophe written all over it
Sidney the man is the leader of the free
world he's brilliant he's funny he's an
above-average dancer isn't it possible
our standards are just tad high
[Music]
you
do you think they'll ever be a time and
you can stand in a room with me and not
think of me as the president
you